Halfdocs reorg (#13)
ROCm/half: docs/install/install.md

# Installing Half

> The library in its most recent version can be obtained from here, see the [Release Notes](changelog.html) for further information:

Reviewer: don't use "here" - it should be a link.
However, is the Changelog the right place

> <ul class="tablist"><li>[Download half 1.12.0 (.zip)](http://sourceforge.net/projects/half/files/latest/download)</li></ul>

Reviewer: This formatting looks messed up.
![image](https://github.com/ROCm/half/assets/164940351/97a476dc-078a-4b98-8fe6-6ad7d44acc98)

If you are interested in previous versions of the library, see the [SourceForge download page](http://sourceforge.net/projects/half/files/half).

> Comfortably enough, the library consists of just a single header file containing all the functionality, which can be directly included by your projects, without the neccessity to build anything or link to anything.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The library consists of just a single header file containing all the functionality, which can be directly included by your projects, without the necessity to build anything or link to anything.
```
